add Lite profile examples (#91)
spdx/spdx-examples: lite/example1-with-VEX/spdx-3.0/README.md

# Lite/Example 1 with Security Profile(VEX)

## Description

This is a JSON-LD file provided using Lite profile when providing Package1, a software package provided under the MIT license.
And Security Profile(Minimum Requirement VEX) information is added.
Package1 has one vulnerability, CVE-1234-1234.
This sample contains 3 files to show the VEX status transition.
The trasition is as follows:
1. UnderInvestigation: Lite-example-1-1-with-VEX.spdx.json
   ![Fig1](img/Lite-example-1-1-with-VEX.png)
2. Affected: Lite-example-1-2-with-VEX.spdx.json
   ![Fig2](img/Lite-example-1-2-with-VEX.png)
3. Fixed: Lite-example-1-3-with-VEX.spdx.json
   ![Fig3](img/Lite-example-1-3-with-VEX.png) 

```
Supplier ---> Receiver
 |
 +- Package1 (MIT license)  
```

## Comments

> There is no property to describe "2.2.1 Document ID" in [Minimum Requirements for Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/minimum-requirements-vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex) in the current SPDX3.0 specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no property to describe "2.2.1 Document ID" in
[Minimum Requirements for Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/minimum-requirements-vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex)
in the current SPDX 3.0 specification.
```

> ## Comments
> There is no property to describe "2.2.1 Document ID" in [Minimum Requirements for Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/minimum-requirements-vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex) in the current SPDX3.0 specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Comments

There is no property to describe "2.2.1 Document ID" in
[Minimum Requirements for Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/minimum-requirements-vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex)
in the current SPDX 3.0 specification.
```
